1. “Keep your face always toward the sunshine—and shadows will fall behind you.” —Walt Whitman
2. “Extraordinary things are always hiding in places people never think to look.” —Jodi Picoul
3. “Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible.” —Tony Robbins
4. “You can have it all. Just not all at once.” —Oprah Winfrey
5. “I’ve missed more than 9000 shots in my career I’ve lost almost 300 games. 26 times I’ve been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed.” —Michael Jordan
6. "Say something positive, and you’ll see something positive.” —Jim Thompson
7. “All you need is the plan, the road map, and the courage to press on to your destination.” —Earl Nightingale
8. "Train your mind to see the good in every situation." —Unknow
9. "If you can stay positive in a negative situation, you win." —Unknown
10. "Stay positive. Better days are on their way." —Unknown
11. "Only in the darkness can you see the stars." —Martin Luther King, Jr.
12. “I dwell in possibility.” —Emily Dickinson
13. “A goal is not always meant to be reached, it often serves simply as something to aim at.” – Bruce Lee
14. “A No. 2 pencil and a dream can take you anywhere.” —Joyce Meyer
15. “In a gentle way, you can shake the world.” —Mahatma Gandhi
16. “Be yourself and people will like you.” —Jeff Kinney
17. “Each day provides its own gifts.” —Marcus Aurelius
18. “Happiness is a butterfly, which when pursued, is always just beyond your grasp, but which, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.” —Nathaniel Hawthorne
19. "You do not find the happy life. You make it." —Thomas S. Monson
20. "Inspiration comes from within yourself. One has to be positive. When you're positive, good things happen." —Deep Roy
21. “Those who don’t believe in magic will never find it.”—Roald Dahl
22. "Sometimes you will never know the value of a moment, until it becomes a memory." —Dr. Seuss
23. "The most wasted of days is one without laughter." —E. E. Cummings
24. "To win big, you sometimes have to take big risks." —Bill Gates
25. “To live a fulfilled life, we need to keep creating the 'what is next', of our lives. Without dreams and goals there is no living, only merely existing, and that is not why we are here.” —Mark Twain
26.“Try to be a rainbow in someone’s cloud.” —Maya Angelou
27. "What lies behind you and what lies in front of you, pales in comparison to what lies inside of you." —Ralph Waldo Emerson
28. "The moment where you doubt you can fly, you cease for ever being able to do it." —Peter Pan J.M. Barrie
29. “Think and wonder. Wonder and think.” —Dr. Suess
30. "Just for the record darling, not all positive change feels positive in the beginning." —S. C. Lourie
31. "Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared." —Buddha
32. "As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them." —John F. Kennedy
33. "No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted." —Aesop
34. "Most people are nice when you finally see them." —Harper Lee
35. "When you are imagining, you might as well imagine something worth while." —Lucy Maud Montgomery
36. "What we think, we become." —Buddha
37. "No matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world." —Robin Williams
38. "Whoever is happy will make others happy too." —Anne Frank
39. "Memories of our lives, of our works and our deeds will continue in others." —Rosa Parks
40.  "All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them." —Walt Disney
41. "Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do." —H.Jackson Brown Jr
42. “Salvation lies within.” —Warden Samuel Norton
43. "Jump in with both feet and be brave." —Sujit Choudhry
44. "If I got rid of my demons, I’d lose my angels." —Tennessee Williams
45. "Always let your conscience be your guide." —Jiminy Cricket
46. "Do what is true to your soul." —Malini Saba
47. "I want to reach my potential, impact my world, and leave a legacy." —Seth Buechley
48. "Today is a good day to try." —Quasimodo, The Hunchback of Notre Dame
49. "Make your life matter and have fun doing it." —Aaron Hurst
50. "Choose to be optimistic, it feels better.” —Dalai Lama
51. "Surround yourself with positive people." —Rod Rohrich
52. "We have to collectively work together to improve the world." —Samuel Strauch
53. "Base your relationships on the right values." —Dick Gephardt
54. "Be the change that you wish to see in the world." —Mahatma Gandhi
55. "The joy of life is becoming a person you are proud of." —Bill Orender
56. "The truly rich are those who enjoy what they have." —Yiddish Proverb
57. "My friends, love is better than anger. Hope is better than fear. Optimism is better than despair. So let us be loving, hopeful and optimistic. And we'll change the world." —Jack Layton
58. “Let your life lightly dance on the edges of time like dew on the tip of a leaf.” —Rabindranath Tagore
59. "When you realize how precious and fragile life is, it changes your whole perspective." —Ryan O’Donnell
60. "The next choice is the most important choice." —George Wells
61. “A friend may be waiting behind a stranger’s face.”—Maya Angelou
62. “When the sun is shining I can do anything; no mountain is too high, no trouble too difficult to overcome.” —Wilma Rudolph
63. "We may not have hit the peak yet, but we are on the journey up." —Brian Nhira
64. “The power of imagination makes us infinite.” —John Muir
65. "Do good and good will come to you." —Adam Lowy
66. "Make a determination that you will live your purpose today." —Daniel Budzinski
67. "Recognize what you have inside you." —Eric Pulier
68. “The world is full of magical things patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper.” —Bertrand Russell
69. "Words can inspire, thoughts can provoke, but only action truly brings you closer to your dreams." —Brad Sugars
70. May your troubles be less and your blessings be more." —Irish Blessing
71. "Few things can help an individual more than to place responsibility on him, and to let him know that you trust him."  –Booker T. Washington
72. “Look at the sparrows; they do not know what they will do in the next moment. Let us literally live from moment to moment.”—Mahatma Gandhi
73. “When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be.” —Lao Tzu
74. “The mind is everything. What you think you become.” —Buddha
75. "Some men see things as they are and say why—I dream things that never were and say why not.” —George Bernard Shaw
76. "Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value." —Albert Einstein
77. "I attribute my success to this: I never gave or took any excuse." —Florence Nightingale
78. "There is nothing in a caterpillar that tells you it's going to be a butterfly." —Buckminster Fuller
79. "The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now." —Chinese Proverb
80. "Take the first step." —Darius Fisher
81. "I’ve learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel." —Maya Angelou
82. "One day or day one. It’s your choice." —Unknown
83. "I never lose sight of the fact that just being is fun." —Katherine Hepburn
84. "When I was 5 years old, my mother always told me that happiness was the key to life.  When I went to school, they asked me what I wanted to be when I grew up.  I wrote down ‘happy’.  They told me I didn’t understand the assignment, and I told them they didn’t understand life." —John Lennon
85. "We all have two lives. The second one starts when we realize we only have one." —Confucius
86. "Even if I don't reach all my goals, I've gone higher than I would have if I hadn't set any." —Danielle Fotopoulis
87. "Be happy for this moment. This moment is your life." —Omar Khyyam
88. "You get in life what you have the courage to ask for." —Oprah Winfrey
89. "We know what we are, but know not what we may be." —William Shakespeare
90. "Tough times don't last. Tough people do." —Unknown
91. "You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough." —Mae West
92. "To laugh often and much; to win the respect of intelligent people and the affection of children...to leave the world a better place...to know even one life has breathed easier because you have lived. This is to have succeeded. " —Ralph Waldo Emerson
93. "Always be a first-rate version of yourself, instead of a second-rate version of somebody else." —Judy Garland
94. "In the end, it’s not the years in your life that count. It’s the life in your years." —Abraham Lincoln
95. "I expect to pass through this world but once. Any good, therefore, that I can do or any kindness I can show to any fellow creature, let me do it now. Let me not defer or neglect it for I shall not pass this way again." —Stephen Grellet
96. "Sometimes, when things are falling apart, they may actually be falling into place." —Unknown
97. "Staying positive does not mean everything will turn out okay. Rather, it means you will be okay no matter how things turn out." —Unknown
98. "Whatever is worrying you right now—forget about it. Take a deep breath, stay positive and know things will get better." —Unknown
99. "The things you're waiting and hoping for tend to arrive at the most unexpected moments." —Unknown
100. "Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending." —Maria Robinson